{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Privacy Policy\
\
This privacy policy sets out how \'91Who Unfollow Me On Instagram\'92 uses and protects any information that you give. when you use this applications. You will be able to login with Instagram. Here we have used Instagram authorised API and we are not collecting any of your information in this process.\
\
\
We classify user information as including but not limited to, call logs, message logs, email address, phone number, name, social media account information, and contacts as private and confidential information. We will not, in any circumstances, share your personal information with other individuals or organisations without your permission, including public organisations, corporations or individuals\
\
\
What kind of reports will show you?\
\
\'91Who Unfollow Me On Instagram\'92 is an entertainment service and we do not guarantee to give you %100 real reports. It was only designed to make you having fun. You accept that we do not guarantee to give you exact true reports by downloading and upgrading your membership.\
\
Links to other websites\
\
Our app may contain links to other content of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our app, you should note that we do not have any control over that other content. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.\
\
Controlling your permissions\
\
To revoke an app's access to your Instagram account, do the following:\
Log in to instagram.com\
Click your username and select "Edit Profile" in the drop-down menu\
Click on "Manage Applications" in the side menu\
Find the application you want to revoke access for in the list (you may have more than one)\
Click the "Revoke Access" button in the top right corner}